WebPackager updates (#4764)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/signed-exchanges-webpackager/index.md

   request](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_signing_request) (CSR).

    ```shell

>     openssl req -new -sha256 -key priv.key -out cert.csr -subj '/O=Web Packager Demo/CN=example.com'

Reviewer: Looks like the default value in the toml for `Sign.Domain` is 'example.org' ([src](https://github.com/google/webpackager/blob/d337403e9772ff01b930c6084918bd583a914cb1/cmd/webpkgserver/webpkgserver.example.toml#L308)). We should either:

 1. Change `example.com` to `example.org` throughout this doc.
 2. Include a step telling people to change the Sign.Domain in the toml to `example.org`.
 3. Update the example TOML to match.

I'm open to any of these.

Reviewer: Oops, sorry, I see you did (2) below. Resolving.

> 

Reviewer: In step 3 above, I think you need `./webpkgserver` instead of `webpkgserver`. `go build` just builds the binary into the current working directory ([doc](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Compile_packages_and_dependencies)).

(Alternatively, `go install` ([doc](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Compile_and_install_packages_and_dependencies)) will install the binary into `~/${GOPATH-go}/bin`, but then we'll need instructions to add that dir to `$PATH`.)

        you try to fetch pages from a different domain without updating
        `webpkgserver.toml`, the `webpkgserver` logs will show the error message
        `URL doesn't match the fetch targets`.

>     **Optional**

Reviewer 2: I think this is a good candidate for details component: https://web.dev/handbook/web-dev-components/#details

    enable the `Allow Signed HTTP Exchange certificates without extension` flag in 
    Chrome.

5. Launch Chrome using the following command:
    ```shell
    /Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome \
    --user-data-dir=/tmp/udd \
    --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=`openssl x509 -noout -pubkey -in cert.pem | openssl pkey -pubin -outform der | openssl dgst -sha256 -binary | base64`
    ```
    {% Aside 'caution' %} You will need to adjust this command slightly to
    reflect the location of Chrome on your machine, as well as the location of
    `cert.pem`. {% endAside %}

    This command instructs Chrome to ignore certificate errors and makes it
    possible to test SXGs using a test certificate.

>     When you launch Chrome, you should see the warning `You are using an unsupported
>     command-line flag` displayed below the address bar. This warning can be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When you launch Chrome, you should see the warning `You are using an unsupported
    command-line flag` displayed below the address bar. You can ignore this warning.
```

    *   (Optional) To have `webpkgserver` auto-renew the SXG certificate every
        90 days, configure the options in the `[SXG.ACME]` section of
        `webpkgserver.toml`. This option only applies to sites with a DigiCert
        ACME account setup.

3.  Configure your edge server to forward traffic to the `webpkgserver`
    instance.

    There are two primary types of requests handled by `webpkgserver`: requests
    for SXGs (which are served by the `/priv/doc/` endpoint) and requests for
    the SXG certificate (which are served by the `/webpkg/cert/` endpoint). The
    URL rewriting rules for each of these request types varies slightly. For
    more information, see [Running behind front end edge
    server](https://github.com/google/webpackager/blob/master/cmd/webpkgserver/README.md#running-behind-front-end-edge-server).

    **Note:**

    By default, `webpkgserver` serves the SXG certificate at
    `/webpkg/cert/$CERT_HASH`—for example,
    `/webpkg/cert/-0QmE0gvoedn92gtwI3s7On9zPevJGm5pn2RYhpZxgY`.
    To determine the hash corresponding to your SXG certificate, look in the cache
    directory (that is, `/tmp/webpkg`). The filenames of the certificates in

>     this directory follow the convention `$CERT_HASH.pem` and `$CERT_HASH.ocsp`.

Author: @twifkak @banaag is there a better way to find out this hash? I feel like I should be able to do something like `openssl x509 -noout -pubkey -in cert.pem | openssl pkey -pubin -outform der | openssl dgst -sha256 -binary | base64` (but that's a different hash).

Reviewer 3: @khempenius I think looking in `/tmp/webpkg` is the easiest way.  If you want to know how this digest is computed in code, you can find it here: https://github.com/google/webpackager/blob/master/certchain/raw_chain.go#L114.

Reviewer: This works:

```
$ openssl base64 -in /tmp/webpkg/ZxrUJSsT_TazV461y728u3BZSWEjJ3l9kbub6jVI-9k.pem -d | openssl dgst -sha256 -binary | base64 | tr '/+' '_-' | tr -d =
ZxrUJSsT_TazV461y728u3BZSWEjJ3l9kbub6jVI-9k
```

  the CAs that offer this type of certificate.

#### Instructions

> 1. Create a PEM file by concatenating your site's SXG certificate and your

Reviewer: s/and/followed by/

   site's CA certificate. More instructions on this can be found

>    [here](https://www.digicert.com/kb/ssl-support/pem-ssl-creation.html).

Reviewer: s/html/htm/

   [PEM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509#Certificate_filename_extensions) is
   a file format that is commonly used as a "container" for storing multiple
   certificates.

2. Open `webpkgserver.toml` with the editor of your choice and make the
   following changes:
    *   Update the line `PEMFile = cert.pem` to reflect the location of your PEM file.
    *   (Optional) To have `webpkgserver` auto-renew the SXG certificate every
        90 days, in the `[SXG.ACME]` section of `webpkgserver.toml`, change
        `#Enable = false` to `Enable = true`. This option only applies to sites
        with a DigiCert ACME account setup.

3.  Configure your edge server to forward traffic to the `webpkgserver` instance
    as well as serve the SXG certificate. For more information, see [Running behind
    front-end edge

>     server](https://github.com/google/webpackager/blob/e8814274abbe55e8a8083fc01d2394aa7c077b8d/cmd/webpkgserver/README.md#running-behind-front-end-edge-server).

Reviewer: maybe s/e8814274abbe55e8a8083fc01d2394aa7c077b8d/master/ so we can update the target documentation

   following changes:
    *   Update the line `PEMFile = cert.pem` to reflect the location of your PEM file.
    *   (Optional) To have `webpkgserver` auto-renew the SXG certificate every

>         90 days, configure the options in the `[SXG.ACME]` section of

Author: @twifkak FYI I changed this - I think this is more accurate?

Reviewer: Yeah, good call.
